[15628] XML configuration for Ownership QoS (#403)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/core/policy/standardQosPolicies.rst

  The owner can be changed dynamically according to the highest `strength` between the alive DataWriters, which has not
  violated the deadline contract concerning the data instances.
  That `strength` can be changed using the :ref:`ownershipstrengthqospolicy`.
  In case two DataWriters have the same `strength` value,

>   the DataWriter with minimum `GUID` value would be the owner of the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the DataWriter with a lower `GUID` value would be the owner of the topic.
```
Small nitpick

Author: Done:
2ca357ce Refs #15628: Nitpick
